>> Marcy Sutton: I want you
to raise some unit test now.
And so that test shell is in.
I am gonna push those tests that I wrote
up cuz since I accidentally deleted
them earlier.
They will be in the examples directory,
if you want to refer to them.
Otherwise, in the better components
directory, there is a starter test.
I also have another alternative.
I have Jasmine implemented here on code
pen, which I have to give credit to
Brian Holt because he had all of his
tests on code pen and it's magical to me.
So I had started with that.
And there is a modal window here,
that if you had a Modal component
that you needed to test that it opened,
it makes sense to me in a unit test.
But it is kind of annoying when it
automates cuz it's the finished example,
you'll be like, whoa, that automated
it and really opened the Modal window.
[LAUGH] I think that's okay.
But I don't think it needs a load and
integration test land.
But this is an example.
I guess it has.
This has the setup.
So the motor dialog is
added here in this mark up,
it's kind of just like a quick and
dirty way to add it.
But then the assertion here are blanks.
So that's an alternative if you wanna
play with that instead of just.